<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [types][1]
*   [IPost][2]
*   [street][3]
*   [suite][4]
*   [city][5]
*   [zipcode][6]
*   [geo][7]
*   [lat][8]
*   [lng][9]
*   [name][10]
*   [catchPhrase][11]
*   [bs][12]
*   [IUser][13]
    *   [id][14]
    *   [name][15]
    *   [username][16]
    *   [email][17]
    *   [address][18]
    *   [phone][19]
    *   [website][20]
    *   [company][21]

## types

## IPost

Ipost functions

## street

Street name of the User's address.

Type: [string][22]

## suite

Suite number of the User's address.

Type: [string][22]

## city

City of the User's address.

Type: [string][22]

## zipcode

Zip code of the User's address.

Type: [string][22]

## geo

Geographical coordinates of the User's address.

Type: {lat: [string][22], lng: [string][22]}

## lat

Latitude of the User's address.

Type: [string][22]

## lng

Longitude of the User's address.

Type: [string][22]

## name

Name of the company where the User works.

Type: [string][22]

## catchPhrase

Catch phrase of the company where the User works.

Type: [string][22]

## bs

Corporate strategy or 'bs' of the company where the User works.

Type: [string][22]

## IUser

IUser interface describes the properties of a User.

### id

Unique identifier for the User.

Type: [number][23]

### name

Full name of the User.

Type: [string][22]

### username

Username chosen by the User.

Type: [string][22]

### email

Email address of the User.

Type: [string][22]

### address

Address of the User.

Type: {street: [string][22], suite: [string][22], city: [string][22], zipcode: [string][22], geo: {lat: [string][22], lng: [string][22]}}

### phone

Phone number of the User.

Type: [string][22]

### website

Website URL of the User.

Type: [string][22]

### company

Company where the User is working.

Type: {name: [string][22], catchPhrase: [string][22], bs: [string][22]}

[1]: #types

[2]: #ipost

[3]: #street

[4]: #suite

[5]: #city

[6]: #zipcode

[7]: #geo

[8]: #lat

[9]: #lng

[10]: #name

[11]: #catchphrase

[12]: #bs

[13]: #iuser

[14]: #id

[15]: #name-1

[16]: #username

[17]: #email

[18]: #address

[19]: #phone

[20]: #website

[21]: #company

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[23]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
